Declare thread safety (#4501)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/docs/compatibility.rst

--------------------

As of :version:`6.136.9`, Hypothesis is thread-safe. Each of the following is fully supported, and tested regularly in CI:

* Running tests in multiple processes
* Running separate tests in multiple threads
* Running the same test in multiple threads

If you find a bug here, please report it. The main risks internally are global state, shared caches, and cached strategies.

Thread usage inside tests
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. TODO_DOCS: link to not-yet-merged flaky failure tutorial page

Tests that spawn threads internally are supported by Hypothesis.

However, these as with any Hypothesis test, these tests must have deterministic test outcomes and data generation. For example, if timing changes in the threads change the sequence of dynamic draws from |st.composite| or |st.data|, Hypothesis may report the test as flaky. The solution here is to refactor data generation so it does not depend on test timings.

Cross-thread API calls
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In theory, Hypothesis supports cross-thread API calls, for instance spawning a thread inside of a test and using that to draw from |st.composite| or |st.data|, or to call |event|, |target|, or |assume|.

> However, we have not explicitly audited this behavior, and do not regularly test it in our CI. If you find a bug here, please report it. The answer might be "we investigated and this is not something we can support", in which case we will update this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, we have not explicitly audited this behavior, and do not regularly test it in our CI. If you find a bug here, please report it.
If our investigation determines that we cannot support thread-safety for the feature in question, we will update this page accordingly.
```
